List of features to be implemented soon:
		
New files to be generated:
	- Libraries
		Optionally, the CodeIgniter object can be added by appending
		a plus sign to its name.
		Example: fire library+ azauth azakis
		
		Same rules applies to controllers and libraries: prepend a plus
		sign to the name of a library to add the CodeIgniter object to a
		specific class.
		Example: fire library azauth +azakis
		
		Libraries can also be generated using the lib alias.
		Example: fire lib azauth
		
	- Configuration files.
		The $config array will be created.
		Example: fire config form_validation
		
	- Helpers
		Nothing particular here, just a generic CodeIgniter file.
		Example: fire helper application
		
Completed Tasks:

- views and models can automatically be created by appending a plus sign after the 
	keyword controller.
	Example: fire controller+ posts: index view edit.
	In this example, the Posts controller will be created. The Post model
	will also be created along with a new posts folder in the views folder
	containing the index.php, view.php and edit.php files.
	
	You can also add methods to the generated methods by overriding them:
	Example: fire controller+ posts: index edit. model post: get_one
	
	Additionally, you can generate views and models for specific controllers
	by prepending a plus sign to the name of the controller:
	Example: fire controller +posts: index view. comments
	This query will create the Posts controller along with its model and views
	and the Comments controller with no actions or model or views.

New query syntax:
	- new action/method: a semi-colon after the name of the controller/model and
		a full stop after the name of the last action/method.
		Example: fire controller posts: index view edit add delete.

		New controllers/methods will be created automatically.
		Example: fire controller posts: index view edit add delete. comments: add delete _is_spam
			The previous query will create the Posts controller and
			the Comments controller; notice that I left out the full
			stop after the last action of the Comments controller: the
			full stop is optional if it's at the end of the query.

		Example: fire controller posts: index view. model post: get_one get_many
			This is an example to show that you can also create a combination of
			controller and model.

	- View files for a specific controller. This is the same as creating
		controllers except that you have to prepend an exclemation mark
		before the name of the controller.
		Example: fire view !posts: index view secret_page
		Note that if the controller doesn't exist, fire will ask you if
		you want to create it and if you it to add actions automatically
		depending on the view you tried to create. So in the example above
		the index, view and secret_page actions will be created.
		NOTICE: No need for the exclamation mark!